Dave Matthews and the Existential Realization of the Matrix

In this game you play Dave Matthews, a jack-of-all-trades man with a passion for
McDonalds, Ballpits, Skeeball, and butchering cows. However, you do none of this
in this game as you play a frail man realizing he is nothing more than what the
machine he lives in says he is. 


Entity
	Player
		Squid
		Kid
		
	NPC
		Cashier1
		Cashier2
		inLine
		daichi
	Badboy
		Boss1
		Boss2
		Boss3
	Helper
		Daichi
		Elton John
Items
	Ice
	Drink - isIced, setIced, spill
		can only hold one at a time, causing Dave to toss the current drink on the floor.
			Coffee
			Tea
			Iced Coffee
			Iced Tea
			Coke
			Diet Coke
			Juice box
			Iced juice box
	Weapon
		Cup
		
Location
	Home
	McDonalds
	sashimiBar
	eltonHouse
	daichiHouse

Random Encounters
	Part One:  Dave goes low-tier GTA on people.

Leveling up
Fire Emblem style stat changes

/*
* Save Feature
*/	
	onQuit("Dave blacks out." ifCup "His *cuptype* smashes on the ground, leaving *drink* on the ground" ifSquid " while he lay in his ink. Good night sweet squid..." else ". Good night sweet prince...")

	onLoad("Dave suddenly wakes up from his stasis" ifCup "with shards of glass and spilled *drink* all around him. He remembers that he is at *place* and he probably shouldn't have slept there. The *npc* stares at him, probably wondering if Dave has some sort of day sleeping disorder. Dave slowly rises up and remembers what he was doing.")
	
	
	
	------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Also, I came up with more of how season 2 could work if it really did end up as a crappy remake of Ocarina of Time.

Please elaborate
It ends up being a story of unrequited love, revenge, and cholesterol.
I'll have to make a word document for it.  It's pretty long.
Half the bosses have been decided on, though, and all redeads are people who have been infected by the Daichi virus and turned into Daichi.
King Dodongo is Yee.
The elemental stones are condiments for a Big Mac.
The Gerudo Tribe is changed to just be a tribe of complete failures, and Daichi is their leader because he is the biggest failure of them all.
Bongo Bongo gets replaced by the cruddy Danny Phantom fanfic.
Midboss of the Shadow Temple is replaced by the Rubik's Cube.
Twinrova is replaced by the two Shinjis who are failures.
The midboss of the Spirit Temple is Scott and Hatsune Miku.
Rauru is replaced by Ronald McDonald.
The timeskip occurs because Dave Matthews eats the Master Big Mac and is put into a food coma for seven years.
Ocarina = flute
Elton John is now the Great Elton Tree, and his death spurs Dave's quest for revenge.
Dave faces his shadow in the water temple, which reveals that he actually  has a part of him that likes eating Wendy's over McDonald's.  Upon accepting his shadow, he gains his Persona, french fries.
Eggman is Navi.
Sakurai appears from nowhere after Daichidorf is defeated and appears to show a possibility of being redeemed.  He then looks at Dave and says, PLEASE UNDERSTAND.
Murth needs to be a boss fight somewhere, but I'm not sure where.
He'd only say twah.
Needless to say, I thought about a lot of weird stuff while I was trying to fall asleep last night.
Empty bottles are Happy Meal bags.
The boomerang is a skee ball.
Is this cruddy enough?
Daichi banned dank meme because Io-Shrek rejected him for not being dank enough.
*memes
I don't know anymore.

THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

PLEASE WRITE THIS WHOLE STORY

WE NEED IT

WE'LL READ IT

Can we change Wendy's to Burger King?

Eggman as Navi is my favorite <333

YESSSSSSSSS

AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I was going to make that change, actually.  I can come up with the skeleton of the plot, but I would be terrible at writing the whole thing.
Volcanic will be changed to Ridley.  My phone just auto-corrected Ridley for me.
And corrected Volvagia to volcanic.
Pepe is the main boss of the water temple.
Phantom Daichi for forest.  The poe sisters are replaced by teletubbies.  Curse words such as "bastard" are replaced by the word "daichster" in an attempt for censorship.
Ness is the owl.
Either Ness or Yung Chang, actually.
Epona is the Mako.  Milk is replaced by Mountain Dew.  Heart Containers are now Doritos.
Adachi is the boss inside the tree, because he mistook the sacred lettuce growing inside the tree for cabbage and is eating all of it.
The slingshot shoots chicken nuggets.
June 22nd, 3:19pm

YESSSSSSSSSSS

